Enhancement: support dot-notated field properties in customapi widget (#2195)
gethomepage/homepage: docs/configs/docker.md

    - homepage.widget.fields=["field1","field2"] # optional
```

> You can add fileds by using array-style dot notation with [CustomAPI](/widgets/services/customapi) widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add specify fields for e.g. the [CustomAPI](/widgets/services/customapi) widget by using array-style dot notation:
```
